Add country field to Address. Deprecate countryName. (#1372)
open-contracting/standard: docs/schema/codelists.md

## Closed Codelists 

### Country

> The country codelist is used to provide the country where an address is located, using two-letter codes from [ISO3166-1](https://www.iso.org/iso-3166-country-codes.html). The country codelist adds an exceptional code for Kosovo ('XK').

Reviewer: Addresses aren't located anywhere - they are locators :) It's the building that is located. X* codes are "user-assigned" in ISO3166-1 terminology.

```suggestion
The country codelist is used to provide the country component of an address, using uppercase two-letter codes from [ISO3166-1](https://www.iso.org/iso-3166-country-codes.html). The country codelist adds a user-assigned code for Kosovo ('XK').
```
